README.md, before:

# Sourcegraph TypeScript LSIF Indexer GitHub Action

This action generate LSIF data from TypeScript source code. See the [LSIF TypeScript indexer](https://github.com/sourcegraph/lsif-node) for more details.

## Usage

The following inputs can be set.

| name         | default   | description |
| ------------ | --------- | ----------- |
| file         | dump.lsif | The output file (relative to the repository root). |
| project_root | `.`       | The root of the project (where tsconfig.json is located). |

The following is a complete example that uses the [upload action](https://github.com/sourcegraph/lsif-upload-action) to upload the generated data to [sourcegraph.com](https://sourcegraph.com). Put this in `.github/workflows/lsif.yaml`.

```
name: LSIF
on:
  - push
jobs:
  index:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    container: node:13.8.0-alpine3.10
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v1
      - name: Install dependencies
        run: yarn
      - name: Generate LSIF data
        uses: sourcegraph/lsif-node-action@master
      - name: Upload LSIF data
        uses: sourcegraph/lsif-upload-action@master
        with:
          github_token: ${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}
```

Commit message:

Add flags argument to indexer.

README.md, after:

# Sourcegraph TypeScript LSIF Indexer GitHub Action

This action generate LSIF data from TypeScript source code. See the [LSIF TypeScript indexer](https://github.com/sourcegraph/lsif-node) for more details.

## Usage

The following inputs can be set.

| name         | default   | description |
| ------------ | --------- | ----------- |
| file         | dump.lsif | The output file (relative to the repository root). |
| project_root | `.`       | The root of the project (where tsconfig.json is located). |
| flags        | `-p .`    | The flags to pass to the indexer. |

The following is a complete example that uses the [upload action](https://github.com/sourcegraph/lsif-upload-action) to upload the generated data to [sourcegraph.com](https://sourcegraph.com). Put this in `.github/workflows/lsif.yaml`.

```
name: LSIF
on:
  - push
jobs:
  index:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    container: node:13.8.0-alpine3.10
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v1
      - name: Install dependencies
        run: yarn
      - name: Generate LSIF data
        uses: sourcegraph/lsif-node-action@master
      - name: Upload LSIF data
        uses: sourcegraph/lsif-upload-action@master
        with:
          github_token: ${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}
```
